Add error message when interpretation fails (#770)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

- Allow using raw LGTM project slugs for fetching LGTM databases. [#769](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/769)

> - Better error messages when BQRS interpretation fails to produce SARIF. [#770](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/770)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better error messages when result interpretation fails to produce SARIF for the `alerts` view . [#770](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/770)
```
